Short-segment Mac measurement prototype

Status: NOT QUALIFIED for 1% instruction or 2% estimated CPU-energy decisions.
The scripts remain useful for diagnostics. Keep the existing long-window method
for verdicts. This prototype's inactive renderer can consume several percent of
all-Chrome instructions despite receiving no terminal work.

Inputs
- A preserved R07 Canvas capsule with fixture.mjs, measure.mjs, actor-document.mjs,
  display/font/raster helpers, reader-capability-guard.mjs, rusage.py, packet/ and
  seal.json. Copy segments.mjs beside those helpers; preserve every sealed file.
- A prepared headed Chrome Mac recipe with a/b/outer/cpu-outer-recipe.json and
  Playwright available through a/b/stage/package.json. Hardware Metal is required.
- An immutable protocol.json registered before acquisition. Examples live with
  the experiment evidence. Set a new m2-segments-* id for every acquisition.
  Required fields include archiveSha256, arms A/B, workload, ticks, blocks, count,
  font, geometry, warmupTicks, switchSettleMs, and injectionIterations.
  Reduction needs at least two whole four-segment blocks; pilots used six.
- The host's outer admission wrapper and inner lock. Never launch the controller
  outside that wrapper on a shared measurement machine.

Acquisition
Place segment-controller.py and remote-segment-job.sh together on the controller
machine. The driver lives inside the archive, separate from these two files.

  python3 segment-controller.py protocol.json segments.tar.gz \
    --host MAC_SSH_ALIAS --remote-root ABSOLUTE_OWNED_MAC_PARENT \
    --prepared ABSOLUTE_PREPARED_RECIPE --lock ABSOLUTE_INNER_LOCK

Run that command THROUGH the host's Mac-turn wrapper. Use a detached LOCAL
launcher that retains the wrapper and both locks if the foreground poller dies.
For a Linux systemd host, run the entire wrapper as a transient user service, then
poll its log. Do not kill the acquisition service to stop polling. The service's
lifetime must include its admission wait and the bounded acquisition.

The remote manager launches with nohup under the owned prefix. It has an EXIT
cleanup trap, cancellation, a 30-second heartbeat lease and a maximum 510-second
runtime, shortened if staging consumes the controller budget. SSH calls are short.
Cleanup checks PID start identities before signalling owned processes. Lost network
access is a failure until custody can be confirmed; a clean-looking local process
list alone proves nothing about the Mac. Hard-killing an unprotected local
controller can release its locks before the remote lease expires.

The controller refuses an existing native/ output directory. Failed acquisitions
retain their data and get a new identity. It writes stage, launch, remote status,
poll, run, custody and wall receipts plus the retrieved output archive.

Reduction and raw validation
  python3 reduce-segments.py native/EXPERIMENT_ID/index.json --output summary.json
  node validate-segments.mjs native/EXPERIMENT_ID/index.json \
    ABSOLUTE_CAPSULE_MEASURE_MODULE validation.json
  python3 test-reduce-segments.py

Boundaries and interpretation
Two persistent pages have separate renderer processes in one Chrome session.
Only the active page receives writes. Blocks alternate ABBA and BAAB. Native
boundaries include reset, paced writes, two settlement RAFs and target snapshots.
Foreground switching, reader calibration and tail probes stay outside them.
Full content and Canvas RGBA readback occur after the cohort. Shared browser/GPU
process work belongs to the active segment. The renderer channel includes every
renderer; active and inactive PID deltas are also retained separately.

Confidence intervals use whole-block mean log ratios. Sample-size estimates use
alpha .05 and about 80% power and assume stationary independent blocks. They are
planning estimates from six pilot blocks, not demonstrated precision. Inspect order
splits, drift, two-block clustering, inactive cost and tails before using a ratio.
Energy is the kernel's process CPU-energy estimate, not GPU/display/system power.
CPU seconds and effective clock provide context. Lower clocks reduce memory-stall
cycles, so a cycles win with an instructions loss needs separate stall evidence.
Counter reads are sequential; wholly inter-endpoint short-lived processes can be
missed. No segment may be discarded or repeated to improve its sign.
